---
layout: post
title: "Calzone"
date: 2021-10-02
---

# Calzone Recipe
### This recipe serves 2

## Debate: Is calzone technically pizza, I don’t know but I count it for this blog

# Ingredients

## For the dough

<p1>250g/9oz plain flour
<br>2 tsp baking powder
<br>large pinch salt
<br>2 large free-range eggs, beaten
<br>2 tbsp sunflower oil</p>

## For the filling
<p1>50g/1¾oz mozzarella, grated or torn
<br>400g tin chopped tomatoes, cooked in a saucepan until reduced by half 
<br>4 stalks sprouting broccoli, chopped 
<br>½ onion, sliced 
<br>50g/1¾ cheddar, grated
<br>2 rashers bacon, cooked and chopped
<br>1 garlic clove, finely chopped 
<br>2 tbsp fresh herbs, or 1 tsp dried herbs of your choice (such as basil, oregano or parsley)</p>
  
## For the fillings
  
<p1>50gt mozzarella greated
<br>400g tin chopped tomaores, cooked in saucepan until reduced by half
<br>1 garlic clove
<br>2 tbsp fresh herbs (such as basil, oregano or parsley) </p1>
  
  # Method
  ## STEP 1
<p1>For the dough, put all the ingredients in a large bowl and mix together, add 4–6 tablespoons water, one tablespoon at a time, until the dough comes together.</p1>
  ## STEP 2
<p1>On a floured work surface roll out the dough into two circles, roughly the same size.</p1>
  ## STEP 3
<p1>Preheat the oven to 220C/200C Fan/Gas 6. Place a baking tray or pizza stone in the oven to heat up.</p1>
  ## STEP 4
<p1>Mix all the fillings ingredients together and divide in half. Each half on one side of each circle of dough and fold the dough over to create a pasty shape. Seal the edges using your fingers or a fork.</p1>
  ## STEP 5
<p1>Place the calzones on baking paper and carefully transfer to the preheated baking tray or pizza stone. Cook for 15–20 minutes, or until the dough is crisp and browned.</p1>

